Dragon generals are slightly different from dragon generals and cannot be worn.
Hell and open fire engraved on the back
Could it be that the Qingming Dragon General owns it?
Qingming Dragon General
Serve the supreme left and right all year round
Therefore, it is also known as the Shadow Dragon General
The moral is inseparable
Never give up
I call it the Lord.
Look around
Let it be
ask
Who is he?
Xiao Chan, you not only stole the Naishi token
He also sent someone to injure the Dragon Palace
You're finished. You're finished.
shut up
Dad, don't call me dad
I don't have you as my son
Little Mr. Chen's family has no eyes
Offended you
Please don't remember the villains.
Give our Chen family a way to live
Dad, don't be deceived by this liar
Mr. Xiao, Juanzi's ignorance makes you laugh
I asked him to kowtow to you
If you don't say stop
And I kept him kowtowing.
What a ignorant
Earlier he said he was going to break my leg and embarrass me
Just now
He's going to issue a kill order against me
Call me a traitor
And just after you came
He also said you shouldn't kneel down
So many things add up
It's over with ignorance